How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that 
was introduced?

   

Teo(2 years old): It is very helpful. My mind is blown away from its helpful properties.
Geo: Instead of having to go through the entire file, we only had to check the segments that were altered. This made
the bug finding process considerably faster and more efficient.





How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    

Teo: This way I can see my former mistakes and thoughts. History is a very vasika simantiko precious ring part of the human race.

Geo: Having older version of your files is quite useful. You have available versions that worked, even without having all the features of the current ver.
So, if you make a mistake and you cannot seem to find what is causing it, you can always go back to an older version (that works) and figure it out.
That way you minimize the time spent on bug and error finding.







What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

  

Teo: + I like to be in control                        
     + I can make a commit for each specific change
     
     - I have to spend time to commit manually
 
Geo: + You make better calls of when it is better to commit
     + You can add comments on what the commit is about
     
     - You are prone to forgetting to commit when you should
     




Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    

Teo: In order to save multiple files together I must be stupid.


Geo: Because version control systems like Git are made specifically for coding tasks, which more often than not have multiple files ascosiated with each other,
     and changes made to one of them directly affects the others.






How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

   

Geo: By using these commands in git bash, duh.

Teo: What he said^




How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

   

Geo: Because you can always go back to a stable version.



Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

   

Geo: Building our apps when this fcking course is over!!!111!!ena!!!!!!